JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
On the "NewsHour"
tonight: rising tensions
in the Middle East.
The U.S. shoots down a Syrian
warplane, evoking immediate
condemnation from the country's
main ally, Russia.
Then, I interview one of
President Trump's attorneys, who
says reports that the president
is under investigation
for obstruction of
justice are false.
JAY SEKULOW, Attorney
for Donald Trump: It
really is a witch-hunt.
This investigation from the
Congress has been going on for
nine months into this Russian
probe.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Plus,
it's Politics Monday.
The most expensive
congressional race in U.S.
history heats up in Georgia.
Republican Karen Handel faces
Democrat Jon Ossoff in what
is expected to be a nail-biter
finish to the special election.
All that and more on
tonight's "PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: The American
college student imprisoned by
North Korea for over a year
has died, just days after being
returned to the U.S. in a coma.
Otto Warmbier went to
North Korea as part of
a tour group in 2015.
He was jailed for allegedly
stealing a propaganda poster.
His parents announced his death
in statement late today, blaming
what they call the awful,
tortuous mistreatment their
son received at the hands
of the North Korean regime.
Warmbier was 22 years old.
In a statement late today,
President Trump said: "The
U.S. condemns the brutality of
the North Korean regime as
we mourn its latest victim."
Tensions are rising once again
between the U.S. and Russia
over the conflict in Syria.
The U.S. downing of a
Syrian warplane prompted
a warning from Moscow.
Some aircraft from the U.S.
led coalition will be now
tracked as potential threats.
We will take a closer look at
the downing of the plane, and
what it means for the situation
in Syria, after
the news summary.
The U.S. Supreme Court is
taking up the way states redraw
congressional districts in a
Wisconsin case that could have
far-reaching consequences.
The justices agreed today
to hear whether Republicans
drew electoral districts that
violated the rights
of Democrats.
Also today, the high court
struck down part of a law that
bans offensive trademarks.
An Asian-American rock
band called the Slants had
been denied a trademark.
The decision could help the
Washington Redskins football
team in its own legal fight.
The court also struck
down a North Carolina
law banning convicted
sex offenders from social
media sites.
The Cuban government today
rejected President Trump's new
policy toward the island nation.
On Friday, the president
announced a rollback of
re-engagement with Havana.
He ordered restrictions on
Americans traveling to Cuba
and dealings with its military.
Today, on a trip to
Austria, Cuba's foreign
minister delivered a
sharp rebuke of the policy
changes.
BRUNO RODRIGUEZ, Cuban
Foreign Minister: President
Trump's policy constitutes
a setback in bilateral
relations.
The announced measures will not
serve their intended purposes.
Quite on the contrary, they
will impose restrictions
on citizens' freedoms,
they will cost taxpayers
more money.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The foreign
minister also said that the U.S.
has no -- quote -- "legal or
moral basis" to demand the
return of political refugees
who've received asylum in Cuba.
There's been yet another
terrorist attack in London.
At least nine people were
wounded after a van plowed into
worshipers outside a mosque.
British media named the suspect
as 47-year-old Darren Osborne,
who was living in wales.
Fatima Manji from Independent
Television News reports.
FATIMA MANJI: Pulled out of a
van and pinned down, moments
after he appeared to drive it
into a crowd, injuring Muslim
worshipers who just left
mosque in Finsbury Park.
Amid commotion, he's
bundled into police custody.
And watch this reaction
as he sits down, a
wave for the cameras.
Events began as an elderly
man had collapsed, and a group
were giving him first aid.
The van plowed through
them, and then hit others
walking on the street.
The victims are thought
to be different ages and
races, but all Muslim.
MAN: There was quite a
few people around him
trying to restrain him
and so forth, waiting
for the police to arrive.
And there were also people who
were trying to rip him apart.
And they were people who
were saying, no, wait
for the police to arrive.
FATIMA MANJI: Later in
the morning, the Met
Police confirmed there
are no other suspects
and that this man wasn't
known to security service.
He's being held on
suspicion of the commission,
preparation or instigation
of terrorism, including
murder and attempted murder.
By early afternoon, the
prime minister had arrived.
She sought to quickly reassure.
THERESA MAY, British Prime
Minister: The terrible
terrorist attack that
took place last night
was an evil act, born
out of hatred, and it has
devastated a community.
I'm pleased to have been
here today to see the
strength of that community.
FATIMA MANJI: But as she
left, she was heckled with
chants of "May must go.
"
Extra police patrols have now
been promised to protect Muslim
communities, particularly
while Ramadan, the month
of fasting, is ongoing.
SADIQ KHAN, Mayor of London:
®MD-B This attack behind me
in Seven Sisters, the attack
in Manchester, the attack on
London Bridge, the attack on
Westminster Bridge are all an
attack on our shared values,
our shared values of tolerance
and freedom and respect, and
we will not allow these
terrorists to succeed.
FATIMA MANJI: Meanwhile,
the flowers are laid,
the candles lit, another
terror attack, another
tribute.
London mourns again.
JUDY WOODRUFF: One man did die
on the scene, but it wasn't
clear whether it was a direct
result of the attack.
Also today, a man in
Paris was killed after
ramming a car carrying
explosives into a police
vehicle on the Champs Elysees.
No one else was hurt.
The death toll from last week's
high-rise apartment building
fire in London has risen
to 79.
Police say the number includes
both confirmed dead and those
missing and presumed dead.
Across West London, a
moment of silence was held
today for the victims.
Emergency service workers bowed
their heads to pay tribute.
The U.S. Navy has identified
the seven sailors who
died in a collision
between their destroyer
and a container ship off Japan.
Searchers recovered the
bodies in flooded compartments
of the USS Fitzgerald.
The ship has returned to
its home port of Yokosuka.
The cause of Saturday's pre-dawn
collision is being investigated.
The number of displaced
people worldwide reached a
record 65.6 million last year.
The U.N. Refugee Agency reports
that the figure was up slightly
from the previous year, mostly
due to the civil
war in South Sudan.
Meanwhile, in the Mediterranean,
U.N. officials say nearly 130
migrants drowned last week,
when their dinghy foundered
off the coast of Libya.
The talks to lead Britain
out of the European Union
are off to what is being
called a constructive
start.
So says the U.K. negotiator
David Davis, who formally began
negotiations with his E.U.
counterpart in Brussels today.
It's been nearly a year
since British voters
opted to quit the E.U.
And on Wall Street today,
more new records set.
The Dow Jones industrial
average gained 144
points to close at 21528.
The Nasdaq rose 87, and
the S&P 500 added 20.
Still to come on the "NewsHour":
tensions rise in the Middle
East after the U.S. shoots
down a Syrian jet;
my conversation with
President Trump's attorney;
rescuing and empowering
victims of human
trafficking; and much more.
The downing of a Syrian
air force fighter jet by an
American strike aircraft is just
the latest flash point that
perhaps signals a deepening
American involvement in Syria's
many-sided civil war.
John Yang begins our coverage.
JOHN YANG: America's
top military commander,
Marine General Joseph
Dunford, made no apology
today for Sunday's downing
of a Syrian warplane.
GEN.
JOSEPH DUNFORD, Joint Chiefs of
Staff Chairman: We made every
effort to warn those individuals
not to come any closer, and then
the commander made a judgment
that there was a threat to
the forces that we were
supporting and took action.
The only actions that we
have taken against pro-regime
forces in Syria, and there have
been two specific incidents,
have been in self-defense.
JOHN YANG: Earlier this month,
the U.S. struck pro-Assad
forces approaching an important
U.S.-British special
forces base in At Tanf
in Southeastern Syria.
In response to Sunday's
shoot-down, Russia,
which backs Syrian
President Bashar al-Assad,
said it now considers all U.S.
aircraft in the region a threat.
In a statement, the Defense
Ministry said: "All flying
objects, including planes and
drones of the international
coalition, detected west of the
Euphrates will be followed by
Russian air defense
systems as targets."
Russia also said it suspended
a military hot line with the
U.S. designed to coordinate
air missions in the region.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei
Lavrov called for dialogue.
SERGEI LAVROV, Russian Foreign
Minister (through translator):
We call on everybody to avoid
unilateral actions, to
respect, I stress once
again, Syria's sovereignty.
JOHN YANG: The Pentagon
said it's repositioning
jets over Syria to ensure
the safety of American
air crews.
All this further complicates the
already messy picture in Syria.
In recent weeks, U.S.
forces have ramped up
airstrikes to back the
so-called Syrian Democratic
Forces, or SDF, a rebel
coalition battling ISIS around
its stronghold in Raqqa.
Syrian President Assad, backed
by Russia, has used jets to
support pro-regime groups
in the same area.
Said to be battling ISIS,
those fighters have also
clashed with the SDF.
Further complicating matters,
Iran's supports for Assad.
But, yesterday, Iran's
military launched its own
missile strike on ISIS
positions, in retaliation
for the group's attack
in Tehran two weeks ago.
For the "PBS NewsHour,"
I'm John Yang.
JUDY WOODRUFF: For more
on yesterday's shoot-down,
and the wider picture of a
very complex battlefield,
I'm joined now by Andrew Exum.
He was deputy assistant
secretary of defense for Middle
East policy from 2015 to 2016,
and is now a contributing
editor at "The Atlantic."
And Faysal Itani, he's a senior
fellow in the Rafik Hariri
Center for the Middle East
at the Atlantic Council.
It's a Washington think tank.
And, gentlemen, thank
you both for joining us.
This is a complicated
battlefield we're talking about.
Faysal Itani, I'm going
to start with you.
Given that, was this inevitable
that this was going to happen,
or should the U.S. been
able to avoid it?
FAYSAL ITANI, Atlantic Council's
Rafik Hariri Center for the
Middle East: Well, I think
it's very difficult to get
the Syrian regime to behave in
accordance with any external
powers, understand and
come to an agreement over.
This was clearly a case of the
regime behaving in a manner that
probably upset the Russians,
may or may not have
upset the Iranians.
I'm not sure.
And certainly the United
States didn't like it.
I think the regime will continue
to behave in that manner
and I think we're going to
continue to have to either
react or back down or ignore it.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And we will talk
about that in just a moment.
Andrew Exum, in your view, was
this inevitable, it was going
to happen just because of the
kind of war that is
being fought there?
ANDREW EXUM, Former U.S. Deputy
Assistant Secretary of Defense:
Well, I think what Faysal
said is very wise, and that
often we have seen the tail
wag the dog with respect to
the Syrian regime and
its external sponsors.
Often, they have not carried
out what Russia or Iran
would like them to do.
So, I think that's very wise.
I would also say, however, that
where we are in the military
campaign against the Islamic
State means that U.S. and
other coalition forces are
going to be in closer proximity
to Syrian regime forces.
Now, you know, the legal
and policy assumptions
that underpin the U.S.
and coalition war against
the Islamic State was that the
Syrian regime couldn't exert
any type of sovereignty east,
where the Islamic
State has been.
That's beginning to change,
and the coalition is starting
to spread out as well.
So, unfortunately, you're
seeing those forces in greater
proximity, and I expect you are
going to see more of these
incidents in the future.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Is that your
expectation, that this is just
getting more complicated by the
day, practically?
FAYSAL ITANI: I think we're
getting closer to our primary
objectives towards ISIS, which
is to take a certain amount
of core territory in Eastern
Syria and especially around the
Raqqa province.
So, yes, physically, it brings
us in greater proximity, but
it also poses a threat to the
regime that we may end up
actually handing over very
important strategic territory to
our own allies, whether
it's Arabs or most likely
the Kurdish-dominated SDF.
And that includes
water resources.
It includes oil resources.
And so now that the regime
has stabilized the west enough
to be able to throw forces
elsewhere, and Iran has as
well, then they're coming in
our direction, and I don't think
we have a long-term
plan for that.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And I do want
to ask you both about that.
But, Andrew Exum,
I was struck today.
The Russians came -- right out
of the box, they were saying
they're now going to target
any U.S. plane -- I'm sorry --
any plane by the U.S. coalition
that goes into a certain
area.
Is this just ripe for
either another strike
or miscalculation?
ANDREW EXUM: Yes and no.
Yes, of course,
this is worrying.
I think it's going to
be a real concern to
our coalition partners.
It's a pretty robust
integrated air defense
system over most of Syria.
And that is not a fun thing
to fly around and through.
Their air defenses are actually
not as strong in the east.
Russia also cut off the
deconfliction hot line.
I wouldn't read
too much into that.
They have done it before.
It in Russia's interests
to be able to deconflict
our air operations,
just as much as it is
in the interests of
the United States and
the coalition partners.
So, I suspect that, once the
temperatures cool a little
bit, that those deconfliction
channels will be up
and running again.
But, obviously, it's worrying.
And the Russians, of course,
will use this as an opportunity
to convince the Americans
that we need to be working
closer together in Syria,
which is something that we have
been, for obvious reasons,
quite resistant to do.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Right.
So, Faysal Itani, this does pull
the U.S. closer in, doesn't it?
FAYSAL ITANI: I think what
we have tried to do so far in
the war is, we have tried to
sort of tiptoe around the
western part of the country,
the war in the west, what we
call the civil war usually in
our discourse, and focus on
the war that we wish to fight,
which is the war against ISIS.
I think this is a sign that,
actually, as far as the
players with the most at stake
here, Iran and the Syrian
regime, are concerned,
these are not separate wars.
This is all war over
territory and over resources
and over influence.
And I think we are having to
come to a conclusion, that we're
stumbling into it somewhat, but
I think we will get there.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Is it
possible, Andrew Exum,
to separate the two?
ANDREW EXUM: Well, I
think Faysal is right.
On the one hand, I think the
regime still has quite a lot
of consolidation to do in
Western Syria, but I think
Faysal is correct in that the
regime still yearns after the
oil and gas resources that
are in the east of Syria.
And I think, quite frankly, the
regime's Iranian backers want
some sort of land bridge into
Iraq, which is why the Euphrates
River Valley is so important
to perhaps not as much as
the regime, but certainly
to its Iranian supporters
and to Hezbollah as well.
So, yes, to Faysal is right.
The strategic geography does
not end in Western Syria.
It extends to the east as well.
JUDY WOODRUFF: I want to ask
both of you if it's clear to
you -- Faysal Itani, to you
first.
Is it clear to you what the
goal of the U.S. mission
right now is in Syria?
FAYSAL ITANI: Well, the official
goal is clear enough, which
is, we're there to defeat ISIS,
to displace it from Raqqa
and other territories.
What exactly the territorial
scope of that is, is not clear.
But what we're actually doing
as this conflict evolves and
unfolds and more dimensions are
added to it, no, I don't
think -- it's not clear to me.
I don't even know if it's
clear to us, to be honest with
you, because I don't know how
important we think it
is to compete with the
Iranians and the Syrian
regime over this territory
and over influence
in post-ISIS Syria.
It seems like we
haven't made a decision.
JUDY WOODRUFF: How do you answer
that question, Andrew Exum?
ANDREW EXUM: Well, I
think largely the same.
I will say that the
United States has first
off had a legal basis and
has had policy agreement
on defeating the Islamic State.
So that's been where the U.S.
military and its coalition
partners have been focused.
There has not been consensus
or even a legal basis to carry
that fight over to the Assad
regime.
And so I think the United States
and its coalition partners have
some real hard choices going
forward.
And when I say coalition
partners, I don't just mean the
international community, but
I mean the partners
on the ground as well.
For example, when they defeat
the Islamic State -- and the
Islamic State is going to
be defeated -- or is the United
States fine with the territory
that's been won back from
the Islamic State falling into
the hands of the Assad regime?
Is that an appropriate or
acceptable policy outcome?
If it's not, then I think
some decisions are going to
have to be made quite quickly.
Otherwise, we're going
to end up stumbling
into a broader conflict
without a clear strategy
to win that conflict.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And wrapping
up, Faysal Itani, how urgent
is it that the U.S. make these
decisions?
FAYSAL ITANI: Very
urgent, because these
things that you saw today
and have been happening
over the -- actually over the
past few weeks, and they haven't
been happening only as sort
of airstrike incidents.
There was actually a
ground attack on our
partners in Northern Syria.
I'm a bit scared that it hasn't
-- it doesn't appear to have
actually been wrapped up yet
as a strategic discussion.
JUDY WOODRUFF: You mean
by the administration.
FAYSAL ITANI: By the United
States government, yes.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Just quickly,
Andrew Exum, how do you see the
pressure on the administration
to make this decision?
ANDREW EXUM: Well, I think
there are competing voices
within the administration.
I think the military has
been almost myopically
focused on defeating the
Islamic State, because
that's the mission
they have been given.
I think there are also some
strong voices within the
administration that would like
to broaden this conflict in
order to focus on Iran and
Iran's proxies in Syria.
That's quite
dangerous, obviously.
That could be especially
dangerous to get in that type
of escalation without having
the forces on the ground.
And there is also no
consensus with the United
States' international
partners regarding that
goal.
So, I think, unfortunately,
the administration has
yet to make up its mind.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Nothing
simple about this one.
Andrew Exum, Faysal
Itani, thank you both.
FAYSAL ITANI: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: President Trump
continues to be nagged by
possible links between Russia
and his associates and questions
over whether Mr. Trump has tried
to shut down that investigation.
Last week, the Russia story
took another turn when reports
surfaced that special counsel
Robert Mueller is investigating
the president himself.
I spoke a short while
ago to Jay Sekulow.
He's a member of President
Trump's legal team and chief
counsel for the American Center
for Law and Justice.
And I began by asking if
the special counsel has
informed Mr. Trump that
he's under investigation.
JAY SEKULOW, Attorney For
Donald Trump: No, he has not.
There has been no information
given by the special counsel
informing the president that
he is under investigation.
It's been consistent.
Again, we have received nothing
about an investigation of the
president of the United States.
JUDY WOODRUFF: But, as you
acknowledged yesterday,
it is possible that
the president could be
under investigation and
just simply not have been
informed by it -- about it.
JAY SEKULOW: Well, I mean,
but here's the reality.
This is not something
that's happened in a vacuum.
This is -- there's
been discussions about
this Russian probe and
committees of the Congress
looking at this for nine months,
with -- producing no evidence
about Russian collusion.
So, while it's true I can't
read the mind of a special
counsel, we have received no
notification of an investigation
or a pending investigation or
a preliminary investigation
or anything else.
So, what I can say is what we
know is the president right
now is not investigation,
has not been investigation,
and is not under investigation.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Are you saying
the stories that have been
printed in The Washington Post
and other news
organizations are false?
JAY SEKULOW: Well,
The Washington Post
story was based on five
anonymous sources where
they didn't even
identify the agency.
So, you have that report coming
out from The Washington Post
which I believe is false.
And then the -- ABC reported
that they had received from
their sources information that
in fact the special
counsel had not opened an
investigation of the president.
So, again, I don't know
where these sources are
coming from, but we have
not had any information
from the special counsel
or anyone else, for that
matter, that the president
is under investigation.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, setting
that aside, when the president
told Lester Holt a few weeks
ago at that interview that he
had what he called the Russia
thing on his mind when he
fired then FBI Director
James Comey and when
he said to Russian
diplomats around the same
time that it relieved pressure
on him to fire James Comey,
what was he referring to?
JAY SEKULOW: Well, the president
engaged in a deliberative
process that went on for a
number of weeks evaluating
the performance of James Comey
as the FBI director, and that
culminated in a number of
discussions that took place
within the White House.
Ultimately, the attorney
general of the United
States and the deputy
attorney general recommended
to the president the
removal of James Comey, and
James Comey was removed.
Now, that's just fact.
What other thoughts the
president had going into that,
how long he'd been considering,
I wasn't privy to that,
but normal deliberative
process and they look
at a variety of issues.
Regarding the Russia
situation, I would like to
say something, Judy, here.
Look, this is a bit
of a witch-hunt.
It really is a witch-hunt.
This investigation from the
Congress has been going for nine
months into this Russia probe.
And members of the Senate
and House from right,
left and center said
so far there's been no
evidence of collusion.
When the intelligence officers
were asked, is there evidence
of collusion on this, no
evidence of collusion.
We didn't include evidence
because we haven't
seen that evidence.
So, this is a situation
that I think is basically
like a factual scenario
that's almost being
made up.
And the president is responding
the way presidents respond, in
that this is not consuming his
day.
It's not consuming an hour.
He's trying to and is
successfully governing.
And I think what we have
to look at, there is
now a special counsel.
The special counsel will
evaluate whatever the
special counsel evaluates.
But the American people are
being penalized in this as well.
And it continues to drag on.
(CROSSTALK)
JAY SEKULOW: Yes, go ahead.
JUDY WOODRUFF: But let
me just step in here.
You -- the president's
called it a witch-hunt.
You have said it's a witch-hunt.
And yet you have said
it should go forward.
If you believe, if the president
believes it's a witch-hunt,
does he believe that the
whole thing should stop, that
the special counsel, Robert
Mueller, should step aside
and either let somebody else
take this over or just say,
I'm not going to do this?
JAY SEKULOW: Well, now, the
president hasn't said that the
special counsel can't do his
job.
What the president has said
consistently is - - in fact,
when he -- in that Lester Holt
interview, if you
remember, if you look
at the full transcript,
he acknowledged that,
by firing James Comey and
removing him from the director
of the FBI, that it would extend
this investigation.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Right.
JAY SEKULOW: He said that.
So, he knew the consequence,
so to speak, of his action.
He took the action because
he thought it was in the best
interest of the United States,
as did his attorney
general and deputy attorney
general and others.
So, I think that we're -- when
I say the phrase witch-hunt,
when the president is talking
about a witch-hunt, this whole
frenzy that developed and,
again, with everybody coming
forward on all of these
committees says so far they have
seen nothing in, like I said,
an investigation
going on nine months.
So, the special counsel
has been appointed.
And the special counsel will
ultimately do their job.
And at the end of that special
counsel's job, we will see
that there is nothing against
the president, as I
suspected the entire time.
And I think the legal
team without question
is confident of that.
But, Judy, the witch-hunt aspect
of this is just the nature of
what's going on with multiple
committees simultaneously,
now a special counsel.
I mean, what else are you going
to add to the mix to make it?
And, by the way, when you have
a special counsel and you have
those committees going, as you
know -- you have been watching
it a long time - - when you
have those going simultaneously,
it raises a whole host of issues
of conflicts and everything
else that are going to have
to be looked at.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So,
two quick questions.
If the president believes this
is a witch-hunt, if you and his
other attorneys believe that,
and yet, at the same
time, you're saying the
probe should go forward,
there is a contradiction
there.
Are you saying it should
go forward unfettered, that
there will be cooperation
from the president?
Or are you saying there
is going to be some
kind of resistance
because you think it's
an illegitimate investigation?
JAY SEKULOW: Well, look, the
president has said that --
has given no indication that
he's not going to
cooperate, if there's
anything to cooperate on.
Now, let me be clear on that,
because you raise a really
important point, and that is
there is multiple aspects
to this Russian probe,
as it has been described.
So, we will -- the
president is not saying
stop the Russian probe.
The witch-hunt aspect of
this is this media-created
frenzy of unnamed sources
saying it's targeting
the president.
And then, of course, then you
had the contradictory source
from ABC saying it wasn't.
So, this is the
witch-hunt aspect of
this, leaking information.
Agents -- I mean, how
does it make the American
people feel that supposed
investigators involved
in this Russian probe
are leaking information
anonymously without even
defining what agency
they're from to The
Washington Post?
That shouldn't be OK.
It shouldn't be any more
OK than James Comey doing
the same thing, by the way.
(CROSSTALK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: But I believe you
have acknowledged the fact that
the president did fire James
Comey, the FBI director, who
at that time was overseeing
this investigation, the fact
that the president made those
comments to Lester Holt, to
the Russian diplomats about
relieving pressure, the
appearance is that the president
wanted to do what he could to
get this investigation
off his back.
JAY SEKULOW: I think --
I don't think that's at
all what the case is.
I think the president
removed James Comey for
a number of reasons.
Look, many left of center were
calling for the removal of
James Comey just about a year
ago.
(CROSSTALK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Excuse me.
The president said the
reason was, at least
what he told Lester Holt,
was the Russia thing
was on his mind when
he fired James Comey.
JAY SEKULOW: Well, but look
at -- when you say the Russian
thing is on his mind, look
at the way the probe was
handled on Hillary Clinton.
This was an individual,
James Comey, who didn't
handle a very important
investigation properly.
And left, right and center
have acknowledged it.
And when the president was
talking about the way the Russia
probe is, that, as it moves
forward, it is handled
properly, not the way it was
handled under James Comey.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Jay Sekulow,
representing President
Trump, thank you very much.
JAY SEKULOW: Thanks, Judy.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Stay with us.
Coming up on the "NewsHour":
Georgia's special
election tomorrow, a look
at the most expensive
House race in U.S. history.
But first: More than three
million migrant workers every
year, most of them women, leave
their countries to work
as domestic laborers,
often in conditions some
say border on slavery.
Human trafficking is especially
grave in the Persian Gulf
and the Middle East.
Special correspondent Fred de
Sam Lazaro begins his report
from the West African nation of
Cameroon.
It's part of his series
Agents for Change.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: They're
able to laugh at it now in a
workshop setting, but the skit
these women are watching
depicts experiences
that are all too real.
These women are all survivors
from time spent in Persian
Gulf and Middle East countries
where they were domestic
workers, victims of an industry
the U.N. and rights groups
say is rife with human
trafficking and abuse.
Three years ago, Francisca
Awah was working as a secretary
in Cameroon and helping her
mother sell vegetables.
She had a new baby and
with her fiance wanted
to build a nest egg.
So, Awah, who has a college
degree, jumped at what she
thought was a teaching job offer
in Kuwait for 10 times
her salary in Cameroon.
She paid the sponsoring
agency $500, plus airfare.
But almost as soon as she landed
in Kuwait, she knew something
was wrong, an experience
familiar to many in
this audience and
acted out in the skit.
WOMAN: You no like, you
give me $6,000, you go
back to your country.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: The bait and
switch, an agent or trafficker
demanding large sums if
they weren't satisfied with
their job or pay, in Francisca
Awah's case, not teaching, but
cleaning.
FRANCISCA AWAH, Trafficking
Survivor: He started telling me,
you're going to work with me as
a maid.
You will take care of my two
children and the house chores.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Awah says
she complained and asked for
her passport back, so she could
return home.
Although it's illegal, workers'
passports are routinely
confiscated by employers.
The employer's wife refused,
saying she had paid the agency
$2,000 for her services.
FRANCISCA AWAH: And the lady
was so angry that she pointed
at the television and told
me that, Francisca,
you know something?
You are like that television.
You are a commodity.
I bought you.
You need to pay back my
money before you leave.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO:
She had bought you?
FRANCISCA AWAH: Yes.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Then, one
day, Awah saw a news report
about an organization, Freedom
For All, headed by an American
woman named Katie Ford.
KATIE FORD, Freedom For All:
And she said, please help me.
There are many in
much worse situations.
Please help us all.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Indeed,
Awah's story is far from unique.
Each year, more than three
million women worldwide
are forced into servitude
as domestic workers.
Ford was shocked
when she learned the
extent of the problem.
KATIE FORD: Why aren't
we calling this slavery?
It's people being forced to
work without pay, without
an ability to escape.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Katie
Ford is the former CEO of the
renowned Ford Modeling Agency.
Her parents started the business
in 1946, and represented
such high profile models as
Elle Macpherson and Naomi
Campbell, bringing standards to
an industry notorious for taking
advantage of young women.
Ford was the first agency
to insist that models
be paid a fair wage.
KATIE FORD: They made sure
the client paid, and they made
sure the models were protected.
This is the first
picture of her I saw.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Just as her
parents did for their models,
Katie Ford says she wanted
to advocate for
domestic workers.
Her goal was to form
partnerships with
governments, employers and
human rights organizations.
One of the first places
she started was Kuwait,
an oil-rich state of
nearly four million people
where foreigners outnumber
native Kuwaitis by 2-1.
It is the only country in the
Persian Gulf region to even
acknowledge there's a problem
with domestic workers.
Kuwait became the first country
in the Gulf region to pass a
law that attempts to protect
the rights of domestic workers,
requiring at least one day
off a week, for example,
and setting the maximum number
of hours worked per week.
It's not much.
That maximum is 72 hours.
And the law doesn't specify
that the worker be allowed out
of the home on that day off.
And many, in fact, are forced
to remain in their employer's
home on their day off.
The Kuwait government has
established a shelter,
with a capacity for 500,
where foreign domestic
workers can escape
abusive employers.
We were given a rare tour
of the facility by its
director, Falah al Mutairi.
FALAH AL MUTAIRI, Shelter
Director (through translator):
The services that are provided
include legal services,
social, cultural and
emotional help if needed.
When it comes to deciding
what the next step is, it's
up to the individual herself.
Does she want to
stay in the country?
That's when we discuss options.
Ninety percent of the
women want to go back
to their home countries.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Since the
shelter opened two-and-a-half
years ago, nearly 8,000 women
have passed through, waiting
for passports to be returned,
trying to find the means to
buy return tickets, sorting
out various legal problems.
We spoke with five
women from countries as
diverse as Madagascar,
Sierra Leone, Sri Lanka,
Nepal and the Philippines.
All said they were either
unpaid or severely underpaid.
Many were lured here
under false pretenses.
Nineteen-year-old
Hassanatu Bangura says her
parents thought they were
sending her to college.
HASSANATU BANGURA, Trafficking
Survivor: I think I'm
going to start school.
So we go to the office, and she
said that I'm going to work.
BIBI NASSER AL SABAH, Social
Work Society of Kuwait: We
have a domestic labor law, but
we don't have clear punishments
or punishments that are enough
to make an employer stop.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Bibi
Al Sabah is a member of
Kuwait's ruling family.
Twelve years ago, she founded
an organization designed to
get workers legal help, also,
she says, to change the
culture, and attitudes
toward domestic workers.
BIBI NASSER AL SABAH: We're
rich people, and we can afford
to have people working for us.
And so, with this idea, a
lot of people eventually
just lost track of how
humans should behave.
It became part of the culture
now to have workers everywhere.
And so people forget that
they're humans and forget that
these people are -- have lives
and have children and
have their dignity.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Falah Al
Mutairi acknowledges that more
reforms need to happen, but he's
convinced that Kuwait
has turned a corner.
And he says that, to truly
eradicate the problem,
traffickers must be
held accountable in the
workers' countries.
FALAH AL MUTAIRI (through
translator): Because
of sovereignty issues,
Kuwait cannot track
down criminals in
other countries.
It can't do anything about
people outside its jurisdiction.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Francisca
Awah isn't sure she can stop
the traffickers either, but she
is trying to help the
desperate economic plight
of women in low-income
countries like Cameroon.
After being rescued by Katie
Ford 18 months ago, the two
women have teamed up to form
a career training
program for women in this
West African country
FRANCISCA AWAH: I wish
that the girls should be
like empowered personally.
They should learn to do
something within their country.
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Last fall,
Awah led a workshop with 34
young women who fled abusive
work situations in
the Middle East.
They were learning how
to finance and start
their own businesses.
It included field trips to
restaurants and markets to
learn from other entrepreneurs
and team-building exercises.
WOMAN: You wake up.
You clean everywhere, OK?
FRED DE SAM LAZARO: Gatherings
like these have helped women
overcome, even laugh at
their traumatic experiences, and
maybe, they say, spread the word
to other would-be trafficking
victims.
For the "PBS NewsHour,"
this is Fred de Sam
Lazaro in Kumba, Cameroon.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Fred's
reporting is a partnership
with the Under-Told
Stories Project at the
University of St.
Thomas in Minnesota.
It's the most expensive race in
history to fill a seat in the
U.S. House of Representatives.
And it's in a
district consistently
Republican for decades.
Newt Gingrich was the
congressman for Georgia's
6th District for 20 years.
It was most recently vacated
by Tom Price when he was tapped
to be secretary of health
and human services.
But Democrats are pinning
their hopes and lots of their
money on a young candidate.
Lisa Desjardins
brings us up to speed.
LISA DESJARDINS: More
than $50 million, that's
how much has been spent.
The special election
between Democrat Jon
Ossoff and Republican
Karen Handel in suburban
Atlanta has drawn outsized
national attention because, in
some ways, it hinges on a name
not on the ballot.
Divisions over President
Trump have Democrats
thinking they have a chance.
We break it down now
with Andra Gillespie.
She's a political science
professor at Emory
University in Atlanta.
And Greg Bluestein, a
reporter with The Atlanta
Journal-Constitution
and native of Georgia's
6th Congressional District.
Thank you both for joining us.
I want to start this by
looking at the extraordinary
numbers involved in
this race, the dollar
figures.
From what we know, as of the
reports at the end of May,
the Democrat in this race, Jon
Ossoff, had brought in $23
million, Republican Karen Handel
$4.5 million, but outside groups
$25 million.
Let me start with you, Greg.
How close is this race,
quickly, and why is there
so much spending here?
GREG BLUESTEIN, The Atlanta
Journal-Constitution: Yes,
this race is neck and neck.
Most public polls show
Ossoff within a one-
or two- or three-point
lead, within the margin
of error.
You talk to six different
analysts down here, you will
get six different opinions.
So, it really could be either
way tomorrow, when we have the
final vote -- $42 million-plus
has now been spent on just ads
alone, many of them negative.
So, district residents have
been pummeled and metro
Atlanta residents at large have
been pummeled with ads about
this race, which means there is
a very slim number of undecided
voters here.
LISA DESJARDINS: Andra, what
is happening here politically?
Is this just the extent of
spending everywhere, or is there
something different about this
race that has brought
in so much money?
ANDRA GILLESPIE, Emory
University: Well, unlike
a midterm election,
where you have hundreds
of congressional races going
on simultaneously, both parties
have been able to focus on each
individual special
race at a time.
And because this was the most
competitive of the special
elections that have been held
this spring, it garnered
the most attention.
And so campaign spending
and campaign fund-raising
are in part a signal
about how competitive
a race is.
So, in that respect,
it's not surprising that
this race broke records.
LISA DESJARDINS:
Unbelievable race.
And we have had even another
turn of events here in the last
week with the congressional
shooting that happened
outside of Washington that
is now entering this race.
And we saw, as you
mentioned, the ad war, Greg.
The ad war has brought
about a new ad in this race.
Let's play a clip of it.
NARRATOR: Now the unhinged left
is endorsing and applauding
shooting Republicans.
When will it stop?
It won't if Jon Ossoff
wins on Tuesday.
LISA DESJARDINS: I don't want
to necessarily talk about
that ad itself, but this idea,
Greg, of whether that shooting
could affect this race.
We have heard Republicans in
Georgia think that it might.
And, apparently, the
people who made that
ad think that it could.
GREG BLUESTEIN: Yes, and we
have also had both candidates
and their campaigns condemn
the ad and call for
it to be taken down.
It's being talked about in the
district, but I don't know how
much it will actually influence
any votes.
As we mentioned earlier, there
are so few undecided voters.
And this ad is targeting, I
think, Karen Handel supporters,
obviously, who go to the polls
for her, and many of them
are already locked in.
Early voting has already
exceeded 140,000, so
the majority of the
voters who will show
up, who will end up
casting ballots have
already cast their ballots.
So I'm not sure how much it
will change the race, but it
certainly is something we're
all talking about down here.
LISA DESJARDINS: Do you
think that will affect
voting at all, the shooting?
ANDRA GILLESPIE: I think that
this type of ad, especially
an independent expenditure
like this, is a reflection
of how parties don't control
certain types of politics as
much anymore.
And this shows one of the
negative consequences of
allowing outside groups
to be able to spend
money in these types of races.
Sometimes, they go off-script
and they do things that actually
the campaigns themselves
would actually reject and find
actually more harmful than good.
LISA DESJARDINS: Greg, I saw
you nodding about off-script.
Well, someone who likes
to go off-script, of
course, is President Trump.
He actually has participated
in this race, in fact tweeting
just today in support of
Republican Karen Handel.
That's really been the sort of
subtext with this entire race.
How much do you think
President Trump is a factor?
Is this a test of President
Trump's approval right now?
GREG BLUESTEIN: He is no
doubt -- undoubtedly a factor.
And every time some local
candidates or operatives
try to say that he's
not, we just point to
the fact that he has -- not
only has he sent a string of
tweets out, but he's recorded
robo-calls, he's come down
and stumped with Karen Handel.
So has Vice
President Mike Pence.
So he is without a doubt a
major factor in this race.
And really the only reason why
Democrats really think they
can win this is because of the
narrow margin that he won
the district by in November.
LISA DESJARDINS: And
let's talk about that.
We are going to show some
more numbers about that.
It's amazing to me.
Look at this.
Mitt Romney won this district
by 23 points and, as you say,
President Trump just by one.
Andra, I want to ask you.
We have these two candidates
who represent somewhat of a
conservative view and a liberal
view, but lately they have
moved toward the middle.
Who are they trying
to appeal to?
Who will decide this race?
ANDRA GILLESPIE: In particular,
both campaigns have tried to
reach out to suburban women
voters, so particularly
college-educated white women.
We have seen super PACs in
support of Karen Handel mention
that she would be the only
woman in Georgia's
congressional delegation.
And we have seen Jon Ossoff play
the Planned Parenthood card,
noting that when Karen Handel
was an executive at the Susan G.
Komen Foundation, she allegedly
helped get Planned Parenthood
defunded to help fit a
certain political agenda.
And so if there is some
moderate-leaning even Republican
women who might be uncomfortable
with playing abortion politics
with, say, breast cancer, that
might be a way to demobilize
that constituency
and help his cause.
LISA DESJARDINS: It is
one heck of a race, guys.
Andra Gillespie and Greg
Bluestein, I'm jealous
I'm not down there, but
thank you for joining
us.
GREG BLUESTEIN: Thank you.
ANDRA GILLESPIE: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And from Georgia
to Washington's Pennsylvania
Avenue, the political stakes
are high this week, a
perfect time for Politics
Monday with Tamara Keith
of NPR and Amy Walter
of The Cook Political Report.
And welcome to you both.
A lot to talk about.
Amy, let's talk about that
6th District race in Georgia.
A lot of people are saying
it is a referendum of a
sort on the president.
How do you see it?
AMY WALTER, The Cook Political
Report: Yes, we're going to
read a lot into one race and
overinterpret one race.
But, obviously, because of the
amount of money that's been
spent on it and the fact that
the national media has
descended on it, we don't
really have a choice.
I think there are going to
be a couple of narratives
that come out of this.
If Democrats are able to win
here on Tuesday, the message
being sent is not just one about
Trump, but it is saying that
in Republican districts, even
districts that went Republican
slightly for Trump, are now
in danger for Republicans.
So this probably expands the
playing field for Democrats.
They're going to now try to get
and try to involve themselves
in many more districts
that are traditionally
Republican.
If a Republican wins,
it says, you know what?
This anger among Democrats,
the enthusiasm among Democrats,
while it is playing a national
role, it is not translating
into districts that still
have a slight Republican lean.
It means that Republican
voters haven't abandoned -
- not that they just didn't
abandon the president,
but they're not
abandoning congressional
Republicans at this point.
The only other person
that this is a referendum
on is Nancy Pelosi.
There have been more ads in
this district run against
Nancy Pelosi, Republican Karen
Handel, as well as other
groups, trying to make this
referendum from a liberal member
from San Francisco to paint
Jon Ossoff as out of touch
with the suburban district.
He's running as a moderate.
JUDY WOODRUFF: She pops
up, Nancy Pelosi...
AMY WALTER: In a lot of ads.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In
a lot of races.
So, Tamara, what do you see
are the factors at play here?
TAMARA KEITH, National Public
Radio: Well, so the president
tweeted this morning in support
of Karen Handel.
Then he did it again
this afternoon with a
series of tweets also
going after Jon Ossoff
for not living in the district,
which is a true thing.
Jon Ossoff doesn't
live in the district.
Karen Handel is not running
away from President Trump.
He held a fund-raiser with her.
Her campaign tweeted out a
fund-raising e-mail today.
The headline on it was, did you
see what Trump just tweeted?
So she's not separating
herself from the president.
She is running with
President Trump.
And so we will see what voters
in that district think of it.
It's a very narrow victory that
President Trump had in 2016
in that district, even though
it was designed to be
a safe Republican seat.
JUDY WOODRUFF: A lot
of interpreting going
to be going on tomorrow
night and into Wednesday
and maybe even later.
AMY WALTER: Oh, absolutely.
We love narratives.
Come on.
Political narratives, it's
what we live for, Judy.
We have got to keep doing this.
(LAUGHTER)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, speaking
of narratives, what was your
take, Amy, on what Jay Sekulow
had to say, the president's
attorney we talked
to a few minutes ago?
(CROSSTALK)
AMY WALTER: Yes.
What we heard in his interview
with you that seemed to be a
little bit different from what
we heard over the weekend
was the acknowledgment
that, while Jay Sekulow
said over the weekend
the president's not
being investigated, what
he acknowledged with
you was, we don't know
for sure that he's not being --
to the best of our knowledge,
I think, was the term that
he used, the president is
not being investigated.
But I think, as an overall take
on where we're going on Russia,
I don't think we're moving
very far.
It feels like we're kind of just
running in place constantly.
We know that the special counsel
is doing its investigation.
We know that the Senate
is doing an investigation.
It's unlikely that the Senate
is going to - - even the Senate
itself is going to be done
by the end of the year,
nonetheless what Robert
Mueller, counsel, is
going to have by then.
JUDY WOODRUFF: How do you read
this based on your reporting at
the White House and elsewhere
in this town?
TAMARA KEITH: Well, so, I have
been reporting on the legal
team that President Trump has
assembled, which includes
Jay Sekulow, who he is really
the face and the voice of the
legal team, but he is not
necessarily the person that will
be representing the president.
He is the public face because
what he has actually specialized
in is religious freedom
cases.
He's argued extensively...
JUDY WOODRUFF: Before
the Supreme Court.
TAMARA KEITH: ... before
Marc Kasowitz is another
attorney who is sort
of the lead attorney.
He doesn't have a
criminal law background.
He's basically Donald
Trump's attorney, and
had been for years.
But he's someone that the
president listens to, and that
is why he's a key part of the
team.
And then they just
brought on another
lawyer who has Washington
experience and has some
white-collar-type experience.
So the team is preparing
for the president to
be under investigation
by the special counsel
even if they aren't saying
that he is under investigation
by the special counsel, even
if they aren't saying that
he is under investigation
by the special counsel,
JUDY WOODRUFF: I want to turn
both of you - - there is so
much to talk about, but I want
to turn you now, Amy, to the --
what's going on in the Senate
and the Congress over health
care reform.
We know the House passed
a reform bill to basically
undo the Obamacare.
It's been sitting in the
Senate week after week.
Republicans are working behind
closed doors to try to come
up with a version that will
be more acceptable to them.
Democrats are now in
revolt, as much as they
can be in the minority.
Where is that going?
AMY WALTER: Yes.
It sounds like what they want
to do is use a parliamentary
procedure to basically slow
business in the
Senate to a crawl.
It's not that they can make much
change to the bill itself, but
they want to put a spotlight
on the way that this bill is
being handled, just as you
pointed out, the fact that it's
being written behind doors, that
Democrats aren't part of the
process, that, quite frankly,
a whole bunch of Republican
senators have no idea
what's in the bill.
They also want to keep the
spotlight on the health care
bill because the House-passed
one is so unpopular.
It's not even
particularly popular
among Republicans voters.
So, the more attention that
Democrats can put on that,
as well as the way that it's
being -- the bill itself,
as well as the way the
bill is being handled,
they think politically
is a winner.
And, then, finally, they
are saying to their own
constituents, we are
trying to do something
about health care, but we're
not -- this is the only thing
that we can do, because we're
not in the majority.
The only thing we can
try to do is some of this
procedural maneuvering.
JUDY WOODRUFF: What do you
know about what's happening?
(LAUGHTER)
TAMARA KEITH: What I know about
what happening is that, in the
Senate, the votes that were
supposed to happen tonight
were actually pushed
off because of weather.
However, Chuck Schumer went
to the floor of the Senate
and did a -- sort of began the
process, tried to get unanimous
consent to demand that there
be a hearing on this bill.
And the majority leader,
Mitch McConnell, said
he objected to that.
They went around and
around and around.
Democrats don't have a
lot that they can do.
This is happening behind closed
doors, which means they can't
make an argument on substance
and policy, so they're making
an argument on procedure,
which is harder to make.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The majority
leader in the Senate, Mitch
McConnell, has said he wants
to get a vote on this
by the 1st of July.
AMY WALTER: That's right.
They really, really want
to get this behind them,
move through this process.
Remember, they can't move ahead
on the things they also want
to move ahead on, like tax
reform, until this is done.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And this
has been held up for,
as we say, a long time.
AMY WALTER: They wanted
to get it done in Easter
was the first deadline.
Now, there's nothing
unusual about that.
It took Democrats a long time
to get Obamacare through.
They wanted to get
it through in 2009.
It took them until 2010
to finally pass it.
The bigger question is, what
does that bill look like and
then, if implemented, how do
Americans -- how does
it affect Americans?
TAMARA KEITH: Because this
is one-sixth of the economy.
This is not small stuff.
JUDY WOODRUFF: There
will be a lot of reaction
as the Republican
Senate version emerges,
which it hasn't done yet.
TAMARA KEITH: Right.
AMY WALTER: Right.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Tamara
Keith, Amy Walter, Politics
Monday, thank you both.
TAMARA KEITH: You're welcome.
AMY WALTER: You're welcome.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And now
to a "NewsHour" Shares,
something that caught
our eye that might be
of interest to you.
There's a growing movement to
fix items, instead of throwing
them out and buying new ones.
At MIT, a graduate started
Fixit Clinics eight years ago,
and now they're held all across
the country to teach people
how to do repairs themselves.
From PBS station WGBH in
Boston, Tina Martin reports.
TINA MARTIN: A toaster, a
tripod and a kettle, all
broken and in need of some TLC.
And they're in the right place.
PETER MUI, MIT Grad: This
is Fixit Clinic number 207.
We have had a bunch of
Fixit Clinics all across
the United States.
TINA MARTIN: MIT grad Peter
Mui started the clinics in 2009
to help people learn to help
themselves and the
environment in the process.
PETER MUI: And 52 tons of
e-waste diverted from landfill.
So, not even just diverted, not
upcycled or not recycled, but
actually returned to service
for their originally
intended use.
There is a sense that they
don't have a choice when
it goes -- when it breaks.
There is no repair people
left anymore to do this stuff.
TINA MARTIN: The clinics are
free and held three to four
times a month at libraries and
community centers
across the country.
Peter Mui and his team of
volunteer coaches train people
like Abby Fox (ph), whose kettle
is out of commission.
WOMAN: Under normal conditions,
you go like this, it goes click.
But it also turns blue and
then it should boil the water.
TINA MARTIN: She and I put on
goggles to learn about how to
get it back up and running.
Part of getting the kettle
back together is pulling it
apart and testing electricity.
PETER MUI: But you understand
that anything we do here
could make it worse.
TINA MARTIN: That warning aside,
the process is time-consuming,
and there's a chance nothing
can be done.
But the Fixit team prides
itself in resurrecting
even the toughest
electronics, like Jeannie
Fink's (ph) classic radio,
which belonged to her father.
WOMAN: His initials are
actually still on the back
of the part that we took off.
And he has since passed away,
but it had been sitting on a
shelf in my home for the longest
time.
TINA MARTIN: The bell sounds,
and the music is playing again.
It took about an hour
for Jeannie and her Fixit
coach to make it happen.
MAN: So you think you
can fix something in your
house by yourself now?
(LAUGHTER)
WOMAN: I think I'm more
confident to at least
try to troubleshoot.
TINA MARTIN: Abby Fox's
kettle was a different story.
The repair took all day, but,
in the end, it was another
Fixit Clinic success story.
For the "PBS NewsHour,"
I'm Tina Martin in Boston.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And I could
spend a couple of weeks there.
I have got a lot of things
at home that need fixing.
On the "NewsHour" online
right now: In traditional
beer brewing, only two
species of yeast have
supposedly been used
over the last 600 years.
Well, a lab in North Carolina
may have found a third in the
strangest place, on wasps and
bees.
You can get the whole story
of Bumblebeer on our Web
site, PBS.org/NewsHour.
Now you know.
And that's the
"NewsHour" for tonight.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
Join us online and again
right here tomorrow evening.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thank you,
and we will see you soon.